Add glossary entries for ambient (#12805)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/hbone.md

---

> title: HBONE

Reviewer: Without a good definition, throwing new terms like HBONE is more confusing than clarifying IMHO.

test: n/a
---

> HBONE (or HTTP-Based Overlay Network Environment) is a protocol used between Istio components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HBONE (or HTTP-Based Overlay Network Environment) is a secure tunneling protocol used between Istio components.
```

> In HBONE, users traffic is securely tunneled over HTTP `CONNECT` tunnels encrypted with {{< gloss >}}Mutual TLS Authentication{{< /gloss >}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In HBONE, users traffic is securely tunneled over HTTP `CONNECT` tunnels encrypted with [Mutual TLS Authentication](/docs/reference/glossary/#mutual-tls-authentication).
```
